#summary Brif introduction

= We are looking for interns =

We are a start up company base in Beijing, developing this top new concept android/ios mobile application as the very first project of us.
Our co-founders are all from very famous IT companies, because we believe only the smart people can do the smart things.
Our project is on-going and you can briefly know what it is from our project wiki page.

http://code.google.com/p/live-shooter/ (especially the wiki section)

For now it is still a private project, and we have more internal docs which are absolutely not public.


== What you can get if you choose to become our intern: ==

- Free work style. You don't have to go to office every day, since we can do it online instead.

- Our professional direction. We top engineer will have more focus on you than other big companies.

- Top practical technology and international comprehension of software development.

- Free suggestions, both directions. We don't have any level difference at all.

- Compensation of lunch, traffic or any other you think that is required.

- Possibility of share option. When our product got profit, you may get your share from it.

- Random free meals/drinks/party etc.


== What you need for getting the opportunity: ==

- Top smart. Your logic should be very clear, love to study and good at study.

- Knowledge on Android/Java/IOS development. You don't have to be very skilled, but know how to use the serials of dev tools at least.

- English reading, good at asking questions and able to search your answer on google (not baidu).

- Be a good team worker

- Passion, patience and plenty of time


You may not able to get lots of money from this intern position, but what you may get is more valuable than it.
We small but very international formed, we start from scratch but potential to be a winner. 
So please take a serious consideration and send me(wonleing@163.com or wonleing@gmail.com) a mail for applying this internship if you have intrest on it.


Leon Wang

Live-shooter co-founder

2012/08/23


= 补充说明 =

我们平时的工作方式以远程工作为主（类似于开源社区式开发小组），我们通过wiki schedule来分发工作内容，跟踪工作进度，以邮件及IM为主要交流方式。有固定的weekly online meeting时间，及不固定的线下meeting。大家根据自己可投入的时间及能力来选择自己的工作内容及工作量的多少，因此开始并不计划支付工资，但我可以支付见面时产生的交通和饮食等费用。这样的话人数并不需要限制的很死，可以使更多的对项目感兴趣的人参与进来。

请认真考虑，提高实际能力，并为自己赢得一个合作创业机会是不是你想要的，如果你感兴趣请给我(wonleing@163.com)或我们的mail list(live-shooter@googlegroups.com)发邮件确认，之后我会帮你处理一些关于项目的svn, wiki, schedule，邮件列表，IM群，开发环境搭建等问题。

- Leon